This file explains how to understand the outputs of
"post_game.txt" and "video_stats.txt"

Our team is named Seraph. All are from the seraph perspective.


POST_GAME:
These statistics are from the match's post game statistics

KDR - refers to the kill death ratio of this player 
Dmg/Kill - to be used to properly see the amount of damage a player would do per kill. A 
significantly smaller number could indicate that this player in the row is getting the final hit,
while larger numbers could signify that this player does major damage to each enemy but doesn't land the killing
blow. 

Tank - The total amount of damage taken. 

Heal - When the number is above at least 2,000,000 then this indicates this player was a healer. 

Siege Damage - The total amount of damage done to bullwarks/towers

Deaths/Tank - The total number of damage tanked divided by deaths. A higher number indicates
that players were being healed lots before any death by our healers. 

Class - DPS is our main damage dealers. DPS players typically work on dealing the most damage to enemy clumps and clusters. 
TANK - Work on clustering enemies and doing large amounts of Area of Effect damage. CARRIER is the tree carrier. This person is who we use to escort the enemies tree back to our base. They will typically take lots of damage as enemies focus towards them. 
HEAL - Healers work on healing all allied units. When healers take lots of damage, it indicates that DPS and TANK players are not doing enough to look around and defend. Death of healers can also indicate that there are more enemies than allies in the match.
Healers are typically never at fault for how important they are. If many allied players are dying or if average team deaths are considerably high, then **this indicates that there are not enough healers on the current roster**

Team Summary - Tells a summary of information for the entire team

Outcome - Explains who won the match. This will give enemy team and Seraph statistics. Seraph is our team. All coaching should be given towards Seraph. 

Enemy Tree moved - If this number is higher than Seraph's this likely indicates Seraph lost the match. 
Goose Health: The amount of health the goose had left by the end of the match. If this is above 0%, then it indicates that the team's defensive group was able 
to hold back any offensive enemy. 

Bulwarks remaining- The number of towers remaining. Towers remaining correlates with fun coins and towers will passively give teams fun coins. 

Kills - Total team kills. When the number of enemy kills > allied kills, this could indicte a lack healers. If Seraph has more kills than the enemy, but still looses, this likely means there was a lack of tactical cohesion and rotation speed. 

Fun Coins - The number of fun coins achieved from keeping bulwarks alive as well as groups being able to kill jungle creeps/camps. 


VIDEO_STATS: 
The video stats tells us the information in the video object detection. 

Many players on screen indicates that teams were fighting large groups. Average unique visible per second gives an average of the number of unique players on screen at a given time. 

Typically the player should only see 1 goose and 1 tower on screen at any time. Any more is likely a CV issue for that class. 